ENH: added reporting guidelines (#21)
EquitableLettersSP/ELSP: Reporting_Guidelines.md

# ELSP reporting guidelines

Equitable Letters for Space Physics (ELSP) is a community driven project that
involves researchers in the international Space Physics community.  Because

> equality, inclusion, and diversity are at the heart of this projct, all members

Reviewer: projct > project

> equality, inclusion, and diversity are at the heart of this projct, all members

Reviewer: "projct" should be "project"

> equality, inclusion, and diversity are at the heart of this projct, all members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
equality, inclusion, and diversity are at the heart of this project, all members
```

> are expected to treat all other members with respect and courtesy.  If you feel
> that the Code of Conduct was violated in an ELSP event or online space (either
> towards yourself or towards another person), please follow these guidelines
> when reporting it to the ELSP editorial board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are expected to treat all other members with respect and courtesy.  If you need
to report a violation of the Code of Conduct in an ELSP online space or event
(whether involving yourself or involving another person), please follow these
guidelines when reporting it to the ELSP editorial board.
```

## Incident report

1. Would you like to receive updates about the status of the incident you are
   reporting? (yes/no)

2. Please provide your name or specify that you wish to remain anonymous

3. Where did the incident you are reporting occur:
   - GitHub (specify repository or provide a link)
   - Email
   - Conference (specify location)
   - Other

4. Please provide the approximate date and time of the incident

5. Please provide as much information as you can about the incident

6. If other people were present, please provide their names (if known)

## Grievance report

1. Would you like to receive updates about the status of the grievance you are
   reporting? (yes/no)

2. Please provide your name

3. Where did the incident leading to the grievance occur:
   - GitHub (specify repository or provide a link)
   - Email
   - Conference (specify location)
   - Other

4. Please provide the approximate date and time of the incident leading to the
   grievance

5. Please provide as much information as you can about the incident leading to
   the grievance

> 6. If other people were present, please provide their names (if known)

Reviewer: I think it'd be simpler to remove this, and merge point 7 with the above, so that people don't have to decide whether something is an incident or a grievance upon reporting it to us, but this is just a suggestion and not necessary for the pull request to be accepted.

> 7. Please detail the remedy you are seeking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Please tell us how we could take action to make you feel safer
```
